I'm in a career rut.
I don't want Mary
Every day I live a life of worry, A Huc.
I am not a greenhouse flower.
I can protect myself too.
I know, but even so.
As me.
Even when married
Rate it again
Those below will still be disappointed.
By then there will be more than just economic litigation.
It will also make the outside an opportunity.
So it is better to keep the status quo.
After I have my own power
Think again about pregnancy.
A Huc, do you not like me anymore?
Mary, don't be naughty.
I feel the system is very thoughtful.
Just love each other
It's worth the wait.
I trust Jia Hai.
Xu Dong will do many things.
Become the one in power
Is it really possible to obtain supreme power?
Just become the ruler of Yanjing city.
Can be respected by everyone.
Not only controlling the economic lifeline of Yen Kinh city
Has the highest power
Can arbitrarily decide a person
That is the life of a family.
Great.
Late at night, aren't you moved?